Story Idea #1:
Medieval fantasy setting. You are a lowly toilet cleaner, named Jose, for the King's Knights. But have always wanted to charge in to battle. With the recent defeat of the knights at the Shenjen Fort, you decide to take matters into your own hands...
Only equipped with plungers, they are your fighting sticks and you can scale up walls. Thus begins your arduous climb up the fort. Along the way you pick up some rope as well. With the rope tied to your plunger, victory cannot be any closer. Throw the plunger on to walls and platforms to swing. It can also be thrown on enemies and objects to swing them around.

Initial Levels:
Forest
Marshy Lands/Moat with crocodiles
Fort - Finally the emperor would escape on his dragon at the end of this level

Story (contd.)
You return back with some of the soldiers that you saved. The king is pleased and would like to send you in pursuit of the emperor but you are scared shitless upon seeing the dragon. You are about to decline when the princess starts cheering for you. Blushingly, you start on your new quest.

Story Idea #2:

Parody of spiderman. You are a sweet kid about to graduate high school. One day, you almost end up squishing a strange silk worm in your backyard. Taking pity on the little bug, you take it in. Provide it with glass jar as its home and some green leaves inside but forget to put the lid on top.

Night falls. As you sleep, the little fucker crawls up your arse. A strange discovery awaits you.

The next morning, you start your daily excercise. As you do your squat, you end up shooting a silk web out of your arse. Bewildered and ashamed you keep it a secret.

Some days later, you go on a hike with your uncle. Caught in a rhino encounter, you climb up a tree. Your uncle being old, can't climb. You shuffle around trying to find a rope to throw. But nary a rope was found. Too ashamed to drop your pants and produce one at the spot, you watch your uncle get impaled to the tree. 

But regret eats away at you. So, drop your pants and don a mask to protect the innocent and needy.

World Idea:
Fractured Reality, when most of the earth got into my house (Example, when the living room has coelesed with a giant whale, it gives a whole different meaning to its name, the living room)